# SMS-SPAM-CLASSIFIER
SMS (Short Message Services) spam, which refers to an unsolicited message sent by a sender without prior relationship to the user mostly for commercial or financial purposes, is still a major problem to all Global System for Mobile communication (GSM) subscribers. The growth of the mobile phone users has led to a dramatic increase in SMS spam messages. Though in most parts of the world, mobile messaging channels are currently regarded as “clean” and trusted, on the contrary recent reports clearly indicate that the volume of mobile phone spam is dramatically increasing year by year. Most of the time such messages are commercial. But many times, such messages may contain some phishing links that have malware. This arises the need for proposing a prudent mechanism to detect or identify such spam messages so that time and memory space of the system can be saved up to a great extent. The present research emphasises to build a spam classification model with/without the use of ensemble of classifiers methods have been incorporated. Through this study, the aim is to distinguish between ham messages and spam messages by making an efficient and sensitive classification model that gives good accuracy with low false positive rate. In this project, we presented the same mechanism which can filter spam and non-spam messages using two different machine learning methods and compared them both. Our proposed algorithm generates dictionaries and features and trains them through machine learning for effective results.
